okay I'm gonna tell you guys how to make
your very own back okay with just simple
household materials okay so some of the
things you will need is a bag plastic
bag a tin empty metal suit and some tape
a thumb that lights up one white meat
Wiimote and the empty box of kitchen
bags um you can use any brand so first
what you need to do is take the thumb
here believe it in here then you take
the tape and you tape the top okay we
might need a longer piece of tape so you
take the tin can this bond will light
your computer so you can actually see
the screen you just can't believe place
it let's see just carefully place it in
the box you want to put it around in the
center area okay
then you want to take the Wii Remote
take out its batteries put the batteries
in the box just in the box yes no you
take the window
so you take this tape you tape the
Wiimote to the side this will be the
keyboard area so you have the keyboard
area you do not need this part of the
Wii Remote then follow me okay open this
and you wait ten minutes okay for a
while now and um take a good look at
this you just open this up you have to
be careful because they don't want to
break your new computer and look what
you have here brand-new not broken
oh it works
look oh yeah
to see all that it comes with all these
games and stuff that yeah it comes with
all these games like such as minecraft
umm yeah it really works um your very
own computer MacBook Air signing off